Update dataminer.services change log 38772 (#2711)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

#### 14 February 2024 - Enhancement - Systems with remote access disabled are now shown on dataminer.services [ID_38772]

> Systems with remote access disabled are now shown on dataminer.services, with the app buttons disabled where necessary.
> A link to the documentation is provided for more information about how to toggle this setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataMiner Systems are now shown on dataminer.services even if remote access is disabled for them. However, the app buttons for such systems will be disabled where necessary. A link to the documentation is provided in the UI for more information about how to change the remote access settings.
```
